pages/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology
permalink: /
description: FITARA Implementation 
---
# Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology

### Overview

On this site you will find a number of resources related to FITARA implementation, including a self-assessment template, frequently asked questions, example documents, and an opportunity to interact with other agencies. 


### Implementation Guidance

[M-15-14: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology](/implementation/).
To assist agencies in implementation, OMB released this guidance memo to agencies in June 2015. 

  * [Download the Policy](https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/memoranda/2015/m-15-14.pdf)
  * [Discuss the Policy](https://github.com/{{ site.org_name }}/{{ site.repo_name }}/issues/)	
Please use this space to discuss the policy or to ask questions related to policy requirements.

#### Key Milestones

* June 10, 2015: OMB implementation guidance, [M-15-14: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology](/implementation/) released.
* August 15, 2015: Agency Self-Assessments, Implementation Plans, and CIO Assignment Plans due to OMB for review and approval.
* December 31, 2015: Due date for implementation of the Common Baseline.
* April 30, 2016 (and every April after): Agencies conduct annual review and update self-assessments.

### Provide Feedback 
	
We are continually looking for ways to assist agencies in implementation of FITARA. If you have feedback on the overall site, please comment [here](https://github.com/{{ site.org_name }}/{{ site.repo_name }}/issues/).

Commit message:

Correction to index.md to include background

pages/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology
permalink: /
description: FITARA Implementation 
---
# Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology

### Overview

On this site you will find a number of resources related to FITARA implementation, including a self-assessment template, frequently asked questions, example documents, and an opportunity to interact with other agencies. 


### Background

The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act ([FITARA](https://www.congress.gov/113/plaws/publ291/PLAW-113publ291.pdf#page=148%5D)), passed by Congress in December 2014, is a historic law that represents the first major overhaul of Federal information Technology (IT) in almost 20 years. Since FITARA’s enactment, OMB published guidance to agencies to ensure that this law is applied consistently governmentwide in a way that is both workable and effective. This guidance is now available as OMB Memorandum [M-15-14: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology](https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/memoranda/2015/m-15-14.pdf).


### Implementation Guidance

[M-15-14: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology](/implementation/).
To assist agencies in implementation, OMB released this guidance memo to agencies in June 2015. 

  * [Download the Policy](https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/memoranda/2015/m-15-14.pdf)
  * [Discuss the Policy](https://github.com/{{ site.org_name }}/{{ site.repo_name }}/issues/)	
Please use this space to discuss the policy or to ask questions related to policy requirements.

#### Key Milestones

* June 10, 2015: OMB implementation guidance, [M-15-14: Management and Oversight of Federal Information Technology](/implementation/) released.
* August 15, 2015: Agency Self-Assessments, Implementation Plans, and CIO Assignment Plans due to OMB for review and approval.
* December 31, 2015: Due date for implementation of the Common Baseline.
* April 30, 2016 (and every April after): Agencies conduct annual review and update self-assessments.

### Provide Feedback 
	
We are continually looking for ways to assist agencies in implementation of FITARA. If you have feedback on the overall site, please comment [here](https://github.com/{{ site.org_name }}/{{ site.repo_name }}/issues/).
